Revise README for clarity and updated links (#64194)
metabase/metabase: README.md

# Metabase

> [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com) is the easy, open-source way for your company to ask questions and learn from data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Metabase](https://www.metabase.com) is the easy, open-source way for everyone in your company to ask questions and learn from data.
```
Why drop "everyone"? That's Metabase's big deal; anyone can actually get answers from their data.

> [Metabase](https://www.metabase.com) is the easy, open-source Business Intelligence and Embedded Analytics platform that lets everyone in your company ask questions and learn from data.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
[Metabase](https://www.metabase.com) is the easy, open-source way for your company to ask questions and learn from data.
```

OSS is still pretty focused on business intelligence, so I wouldn't broaden this here.

> ![Metabase Product Screenshot](www.metabase.com/images/metabase-product-screenshot-updated.png)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
![Metabase Product Screenshot](https://www.metabase.com/images/metabase-product-screenshot-updated.png)
```

> ![Metabase Product Screenshot](TBC)

Reviewer 2: I was going to upload this directly to docs/images but I lacked the permissions. Maybe @perivamsi can advise on how he'd like us to handle updating this?

<img width="1751" height="1044" alt="Image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/5c9e6832-da53-4520-a330-9fe8d3f64a4e" />

The easiest way to get started with Metabase is to sign up for a free trial of [Metabase Cloud](https://store.metabase.com/checkout). You get support, backups, upgrades, an SMTP server, SSL certificate, SoC2 Type 2 security auditing, and more (plus your money goes toward improving Metabase). Check out our quick overview of [cloud vs self-hosting](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/cloud/cloud-vs-self-hosting). If you need to, you can always switch to [self-hosting](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/installation-and-operation/installing-metabase) Metabase at any time (or vice versa).

> ## Key Features

Reviewer: Good point.

The easiest way to get started with Metabase is to sign up for a free trial of [Metabase Cloud](https://store.metabase.com/checkout). You get support, backups, upgrades, an SMTP server, SSL certificate, SoC2 Type 2 security auditing, and more (plus your money goes toward improving Metabase). Check out our quick overview of [cloud vs self-hosting](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/cloud/cloud-vs-self-hosting). If you need to, you can always switch to [self-hosting](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/installation-and-operation/installing-metabase) Metabase at any time (or vice versa).

## Key Features

- [Set up in five minutes](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/configuring-metabase/setting-up-metabase) (we're not kidding).
- Let anyone on your team [ask questions](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/questions/introduction) without knowing SQL.
- Use the [SQL editor](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/questions/native-editor/writing-sql) for more complex queries.

> - Chat with [Metabot AI](https://www.metabase.com/docs/latest/ai/metabot) to query data in plain English, generate and debug SQL, automate written summaries, and more.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Please hold off on this for now.
